# Hello, world.  Seems you're on fire

Hey gang, I'm Nicholas Larsen, and much like Legion I go by many names. I've been a developer for over a decade, worked in IT at a major medical college which turned into me helping future doctors build their own computers, recover data, and study more effectively.  Beyond that I've been a gamer all my life, and in 2014 I found one of my most consistent passions: Dungeons & Dragons.

I've played in a dozen universes (mainly homebrew with a little Sword Coast thrown in the mix), and find a ton of joy in creating and managing my own worlds.  As a forever DM I find so much joy in enabling other adults to hallucinate around me and play a game that would otherwise bee seen as a childish idiocy. I've found deep meaning between the dice rolls, and my family and friends that I have chosen have become characters in my short stories and novels. I craft classes like [The Tailor](https://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/8m1NDXdcoTx8) and races like [the Saruhada](https://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/6vC_jO8EzcQV) which are open source and free to use.  Heck the Tailor was even pirated by a French scammer once, so it seems good enough for pirates (yar harr).

So what am I doing here?  Well, for one, I am putting myself out into the loud ass ecosystem we call the internet. Finally breaking through the walls of anxiety, dread, and executive dysfunction to pop out and say "Hello, world.  Seems like you're on fire at the moment."  I have put this off every day of my life, controlled by anxiety and depression, locked by ADHD and dysfunction.  Finally I have found that I held the keys to my own chains, and am finally able to come out and say:  "I'm here, for you, and myself."

More than anything I have been a voice to those around me constantly reminding them that everything will be okay. In the face of great danger and scarcity, of struggling with blood sweat and tears only so those above us can go on expensive trips to an island, or a ranch, or a spa, to do terrible things to innocent people.  I am prepared to be a light in this darkness, I've been here too. I have a lantern and a map, I have found and become sanctuary to those who need it.

If I impart nothing else to you, I hope you remember to have a good day and that you are the universe. In the future my posts will hopefully be a bit longer and more philosophical, but for my introduction this is me:  A nerdy ass guide through the universe.  Someone else to look at and feel understood and a place to find succor from our insane shared reality.
